index.md, before:

# Altruism

The escape from the rotten reality.

We, at Altruism encourage change. Our goal is simple, we want to help you. If you are stuck in the daily
miserable loop of despair, and you want to change, we will guide you. Our team has arranged for you all the
resources that you could ever want, from physical fitness to mental health to fashion, we are here for you
every step of the way. In return, we want nothing but your cooperation and your promise to change. Promise yourself
and never look back. Rewrite your fate, and live your life to the fullest.

Now, that I have your attention, lets get started !!!

## Guides

A guide to overcome various negative habits and implement good ones.

- Physical Health
    - [Posture](guides/posture.md)
    - [Running](guides/running.md) **not complete**
    - [Flexibility](guides/flexibility.md) **not complete**
- Mental Health
    - [OCD](guides/ocd.md) **not complete**
    - [Depression](guides/depression.md) **not complete**
    - [Anxiety](guides/anxiety.md) **not complete**
    - [Despair](guides/despair.md) **not complete**
- Addiction
    - [Social Media](guides/addiction-social.md) **not complete**
- Productivity
    - [Time management](guides/productivity.md) **not complete**
- Fashion
    - [Hairstyle](guides/hairstyle.md)  

&copy; 2022 LockedSociety

Commit message:

Edit descripton and add choices

index.md, after:

# Altruism

The escape from the loop of self destruction.

Imagine a person. A person with dream, passion, vision, goal; his aim
is sky reaching. Everyday starting from waking up to going to sleep,
all he does is watching reels, yt shorts, memes, game livestream, 
listen to music. And then be depressed for some time. Because he didn't 
do anything that would help him to acheive those goal. Whatever he did, 
it only helped him in his destruction. And he knows that. And he will
repeat the same the next day. And he wants to change himself. And he 
is not able to do so. 

Altruism is an attempt to help those peple. 

We, at Altruism encourage change. The goal is simple, it is to help you. If 
you are stuck in the daily miserable loop of despair, and you want to change,
we will guide you. Our team has arranged for you all the resources that 
you could ever want, from physical fitness to mental health to fashion,
we are here for you every step of the way. In return, we want nothing but 
your cooperation and your promise to change. Promise yourself and never look back.
work for a good future, and live your life to the fullest.

Now, that I have your attention, lets get started !!!

## Getting started

- [Choices and Consequences](choices.md)

## Guides

A guide to overcome various negative habits and implement good ones.

- Physical Health
    - [Posture](guides/posture.md)
    - [Running](guides/running.md) **not complete**
    - [Flexibility](guides/flexibility.md) **not complete**
- Mental Health
    - [OCD](guides/ocd.md) **not complete**
    - [Depression](guides/depression.md) **not complete**
    - [Anxiety](guides/anxiety.md) **not complete**
    - [Despair](guides/despair.md) **not complete**
- Addiction
    - [Social Media](guides/addiction-social.md) **not complete**
- Productivity
    - [Time management](guides/productivity.md) **not complete**
- Fashion
    - [Hairstyle](guides/hairstyle.md)  

&copy; 2022 LockedSociety
